chore(inspector): show coID in listview + handle unavailable items (#2999)
garden-co/jazz: .changeset/orange-ghosts-hug.md

---
"jazz-tools": patch
---

> Inspector now show the CoID of list items and handle correctly unavailable items

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inspector now shows the CoID of list items and handles unavailable items correctly
```
